Update based on legal requirements. (#900)
huggingface/optimum-habana: examples/text-generation/README.md

# Language generation

> Conditional text generation on Intel® Gaudi® accelerator. You can find more information about it in [this blog post](https://huggingface.co/blog/habana-gaudi-2-bloom).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conditional text generation on Intel® Gaudi® AI Accelerators. You can find more information about it in [this blog post](https://huggingface.co/blog/habana-gaudi-2-bloom).
```

## Usage

> In this section, we present how to benchmark a model on Intel® Gaudi® accelerator with this script. We also show how to use it to run generation on any dataset from the [Hugging Face Hub](https://huggingface.co/datasets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, we present how to benchmark a model on Intel Gaudi AI Accelerators with this script. We also show how to use it to run generation on any dataset from the [Hugging Face Hub](https://huggingface.co/datasets).
```
